JSch releases history
=====================

_JSch_, from _JCraft_, is a very valuable pure-Java SSH implementation:
http://www.jcraft.com/jsch/

It's free software, it has been around for 13 years, it works, and it is
used by many projects.  Unfortunately, there is no official public repository
for its source code, which is not convenient for reviewing / understanding
changes made between two releases.

The purpose of this repository is to provide this missing history of the source
code. It contains one commit per past release, so it is not nearly as rich as a
real source code repository would be, but it should still help if you're
curious about the changes made in one particular release.

Making-of
---------

This repository has been generated by the `jsch-releases-history.sh` script.
This script is meant to be run in a git repository, with an `init` tag (in this
initial state, the repository only contains the script itself, and this
`README.md` file). It will:
- reset the repository to the `init` tag
- download a RSS feed of all past _JSch_ sources releases from _SourceForge_,
- convert it to JSON, for easier processing, and extract a list of URLs
  (sorted in chronological order),
- download the corresponding ZIP files (reusing files from a local cache, and
  checking their md5 hash),
- unpack them and commit their content, with an appropriate commit date and
  commit message (including changes details extracted from the last `ChangeLog`
  file entry).

To run this script yourself (if you're curious, or if you want to reuse it for
a similar situation on a different project), these are the tools you will need:
- _Bash_ 4.x, _curl_, _wget_, _sed_
- _git_ (really?)
- _xml2json_ ("`npm install --global xml2json`")
- _jq_ 1.5+ (which is really an awesome tool BTW - go read about it!):
  https://stedolan.github.io/jq/

**WARNING:** each time you run this script, it will overwrite the complete
history of the current repository (starting again at the `init` tag). This also
means I might completely overwrite (as in `push --force`) this repository, as
soon as there is a new release to include, or I want to fix the way the history
is imported.

To make things clear...
-----------------------

**This is not where _JSch_ is maintained.** Do not send me pull-requests or bug
reports about _JSch_.  If you need to, then contact the JCraft folks instead.

But I'm open to pull-requests, and bug reports, about the
`jsch-releases-history.sh` script itself.
